hi hi what is this service or else you
will die
there was nothing we could do
if something happens let's meet up in
this hall this time I'll be then what is
this what is it blood what is this
hope this is not Chris's blood what is
this what is it what is this what is
this what is it oh it's you that's
causing my suffering then if I tell you
to pieces the pain will stop run till
he's insane there was nothing we could
do well done Barry Gannon is once again
imprisoned come look already Cora died
his returning to harmony the birds are
singing isn't it beautiful golly as it
is written you Derek other the master of
unlocking squad was quite a lot run till
he's insane